What are you doing here?
Didn't you get sent back to the mainland?
Hey, that's him.
He had his top gifter send me out of Harbor City
If I hadn't informed him to come back for mourning
I can't get in for the rest of my life
People say, what can a person with no conscience do?
Could the man he was talking about be Zhou Yanqing?
Except for Zhou Jia in Harbor City
No one has that privilege
Yeah, that's him.
His last metal was Zhou Yanqing
After learning from my parents, I was so angry that I vomited blood
The rescue failed and he died.
Shi Yaohua, don't frame me and respect him
Dad, you didn't get to see him alive
Can you see it now?
You're going to make a white-eyed wolf.
You are blind
Don't you just want money?
Hang up and I'll give you money
How dare you come here?
You are not afraid of me, but I am not afraid
Zhou Yanjing doesn't want you anymore, if you still want to keep working
Just take the money out
No, sister 100,000
Eat and drink spicy food by yourself
Did you send the school beauty?
All these years I've been taking money home and licking your hole
How much do you think I have left in savings?
Okay, 100,000 have to take it first
But it's not that easy to get rid of me
Did the anniversary give you 100 million?
Give me half
I disappear immediately